Update name to Declarative Automation Bundles (#148)
databricks/bundle-examples: knowledge_base/database_with_catalog/README.md

# OLTP database instance with a catalog

> This example demonstrates how to define an OLTP database instance and a database catalog in a Declarative Automation Bundle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Declarative Automation Bundles example demonstrates how to define an OLTP database instance and a database catalog.
```
